"I'm gonna be the Pirate King." ~Monkey D. Luffy
"You can't bring back what you've lost, think about what you have now" ~Jinbei 
"Thank you... for loving me!" ~Portgas D. Ace
"Compared to the 'righteous' greed of the rulers, the criminals of the world seem much more honorable. When scum rules the world, only more scum is born." ~Eustass Kid
"If I get reincarnated.... I wanna become a clam." ~Monkey D. Luffy
"Bring on the hardship. It’s preferred in a path of carnage." ~Roronoa Zoro
"When do you think people die? When they are shot through the heart by the bullet of a pistol? No. When they are ravaged by an incurable disease? No. When they drink a soup made from a poisonous mushroom!? No! It’s when… they are forgotten." ~Dr. Hiriluk
"I’ve set myself to become the King of the Pirates…and if I die trying…then at least I tried!" ~Monkey D. Luffy
"People don’t fear god, fear itself is god" ~Enel
"Inherited Will, the Destiny of the Age, and the Dreams of its People. These are things that will not be stopped. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of freedom, these things will never cease to be!" ~Gol.D.Roger
"When the world shoves you around, you just gotta stand up and shove back. It's not like somebody's gonna save you if you start babbling excuses." ~Roronoa Zoro
"I dont want to conquer anything.. I just think that the guy with the most freedom in this whole ocean….is the Pirate King!" ~Monkey D. Luffy
"There comes a time.... when a man will not run from a fight.... It's when his nakama's dreams are laughed at.... I know that he will become the Pirate King..... and I will not let you laugh at that" ~Usopp
"Hello, this is the shitty restaurant" ~Sanji
"We're pirates you know!! I love heroes, but I don't want to be one. Do you even know what a hero is!? For example, you have some meat. Pirates will feast on the meat, but the hero will distribute it among the people! I want to eat the meat!!" ~Monkey D. Luffy
"And remember this: I am not your ally... If you do anything, I'm the 'enemy' that will be the first to catch you.” ~Aokoji Kuzan